def add_quotations(quote):



// Motivational Quotes


"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett",
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll",
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. Eleanor Roosevelt",
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best. St. Jerome",
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius",
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino",
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Helen Keller",
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. Nikos Kazantzakis",
"It always seems impossible until its done. Nelson Mandela",
"If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney",
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. Og Mandino",
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. Mark Twain",
"Infuse your life with action. Dont wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. Bradley Whitford",
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. Norman Vincent Peale",
"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. Unknown",
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. Ralph Marston",
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison",
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. Theodore Roosevelt",
"To begin, begin. William Wordsworth",
"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. Robert H. Schuller",
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam",
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton",
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. Lao Tzu",
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. Rabindranath Tagore",
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. Dale Carnegie",
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson",
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins",
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand",
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. Arthur Ashe",
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. Leo Buscaglia",
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. H. G. Wells",
"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. Confucius",
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. Elon Musk",
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit. Aristotle",
"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. Aldous Huxley",
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. Og Mandino",
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson",
"Never, never, never give up. Winston Churchill",
"You will never win if you never begin. Helen Rowland",
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. Les Brown",
"Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin",
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. Maya Angelou",
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. Samuel Beckett",
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. Dalai Lama",
"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Gordon B. Hinckley",
"If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill",
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. Zig Ziglar",
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. W. Clement Stone",
"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. Stephen Hawking",
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. Walter Elliot",
"Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. Pope John XXIII",
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney",
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe",
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. Franklin D. Roosevelt",
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. Epictetus",
"There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. Nelson Mandela",
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. Benjamin Franklin",
"Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn",
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine",
"Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. Thomas Jefferson",
"I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. Robert H. Schuller",
"Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. Kyle Chandler",
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe",
"You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. Woodrow Wilson",
"Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. Don Miguel Ruiz",
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. George S. Patton",
"I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. Muhammad Ali",
"If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. Jim Rohn",
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer",
"Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy",
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James",
"A goal is a dream with a deadline. Napoleon Hill",
"Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower",
"If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. John D. Rockefeller",
"The people who influence you are the people who believe in you. Henry Drummond",
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews",
"Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. Elbert Hubbard",
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. Alfred A. Montapert",
"If you think you can do it, you can. John Burroughs",
"Never give in and never give up. Hubert H. Humphrey",
"Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. Jim Rohn",
"Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. Jimmy Dean",
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. Simone de Beauvoir",
"You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. Ted Turner",
"It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are. Malala Yousafzai",
"There's a way to do it better - find it. Thomas A. Edison",
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it. Amelia Earhart",
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. William Butler Yeats",
"Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. Oprah Winfrey",
"The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. Confucius",
"The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something. Muhammad Iqbal",
"One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. Michael Korda",
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam",
"I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. Florence Nightingale",
"Every exit is an entry somewhere else. Tom Stoppard",
"Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle. Sasha Cohen",
"After a storm comes a calm. Matthew Henry",
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one. Philip Sidney",
"Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness. Allen Ginsberg",
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. Jim Rohn",
"You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead. George Lucas",
"I am not afraid... I was born to do this. Joan of Arc",
"You create your opportunities by asking for them. Shakti Gawain",
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up. Babe Ruth",
"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. Ken Venturi",
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. Henry Ford",
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another. John Dewey",
"I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything. Dan Millman",
"Never complain and never explain. Benjamin Disraeli",
"I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down. Mia Hamm",
"A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did. John Burroughs",
"The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. Bobby Knight",
"No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. William Blake",
"I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. Brian Tracy",
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer",
"Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open. Pauline Kael",
"We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. Katharine Hepburn",
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. George Herbert",
"You have to make it happen. Denis Diderot",
"It's always too early to quit. Norman Vincent Peale",
"Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. Albert Schweitzer",
"Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you. George Whitefield",
"There is always room at the top. Daniel Webster",
"The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'if I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?", But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'if I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?", Martin Luther King, Jr.",
"Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it. Diane Sawyer",
"Always desire to learn something useful. Sophocles",
"Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination. Carl von Clausewitz",
"Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? Eliza Dushku",
"I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. Judy Collins",
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. Peter Marshall",
"Leap, and the net will appear. John Burroughs",
"Motivation will almost always beat mere talent. Norman Ralph Augustine",
"Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. H. L. Hunt",
"You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. Jack London",
"To be a good loser is to learn how to win. Carl Sandburg",
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. Unknown",
"Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl. Benjamin Jowett",
"The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. Philip Emeagwali",
"If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud. Emile Zola",
"Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. Eileen Caddy",
"The more things you do, the more you can do. Lucille Ball",
"Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it. Ella Wheeler Wilcox",
"A will finds a way. Orison Swett Marden",
"Be thine own palace, or the world't thy jail. John Donne",
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. George S. Patton",
"Deserve your dream. Octavio Paz",
"Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand. Baruch Spinoza",
"One finds limits by pushing them. Herbert Simon",
"You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.",
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. Mark Caine",
"Don't fight the problem, decide it. George C. Marshall",
"From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune. Tecumseh",
"Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. Denis Waitley",
"In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved. Rupert Murdoch",
"Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression. Leonard Mlodinow",
"To know oneself, one should assert oneself. Albert Camus",
"Don't think, just do. Horace",
"They can conquer who believe they can. Virgil",
"The wise does at once what the fool does at last. Baltasar Gracian",
"Who seeks shall find. Sophocles",
"God always strives together with those who strive. Aeschylus",
"Know or listen to those who know. Baltasar Gracian",
"Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. Saint Teresa of Avila",
"Wherever you are - be all there. Jim Elliot",
"Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. Swami Sivananda",
"You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. Flip Wilson",
"Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. Thomas Jefferson",
"We make the world we live in and shape our own environment. Orison Swett Marden",
"Only the educated are free. Epictetus",
"If you don't ask, you don't get. Stevie Wonder",
"Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. Christopher Morley",
"When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder. Natalie Gulbis",
"There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. Richard Rorty",
"True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents. John W. Gardner",
"He conquers who endures. Persius",
"I can, therefore I am. Simone Weil",
"I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up. Beverly Sills",
"We aim above the mark to hit the mark. Ralph Waldo Emerson",
"Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. Christopher Reeve",
"Hitch your wagon to a star. Ralph Waldo Emerson",
"Step by step and the thing is done. Charles Atlas",
"I am not a has-been. I am a will be. Lauren Bacall",
"When one must, one can. Charlotte Whitton",
"March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path. Khalil Gibran",
"Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going. Norman Cousins",
"Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. Theodore Roosevelt",
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. William James",
"The more we do, the more we can do. William Hazlitt",
"There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move! Edgar Cayce",
"I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. Donna Brazile",
"I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat. Rose Kennedy",
"No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one. Jessica Savitch",
"How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it? J. D. Salinger",
"Many are called but few get up. Oliver Herford",
"The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name. Sylvia Browne",
"I come to win. Leo Durocher",
"Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me. Jerry West",
"I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life. Dean Koontz",
"Either move or be moved. Ezra Pound",
"What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau",
"To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson",
"One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low. Thomas Fuller",



// Positive Quotes

Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. Jenn Proske
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. Tena Desae
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. Shiv Khera
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. Matt Cameron
Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. Leah LaBelle
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. Hans Selye
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. Lyndon B. Johnson
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. Helen Keller
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. Henri Nouwen
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door. Marla Gibbs
My dear friend, clear your mind of cant. Samuel Johnson
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you. Les Brown
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. George Allen, Sr.
Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them. Jack Canfield
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. David Bailey
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. Wade Boggs
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. Dalai Lama
When you think positive, good things happen. Matt Kemp
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things. Demi Lovato
In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact. Les Brown
You're going to go through tough times - that'a life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.', See the positive in negative events. Joel Osteen
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude. Yani Tseng
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up. Allen Klein
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. Khalil Gibran
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. Pat Riley
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. Zig Ziglar
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. Christopher McCandless
Every day brings new choices. Martha Beck
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A ',you can do it', when things are tough. Richard M. DeVos
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple. Paulo Coelho
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. Michael Jordan
It's easy to get negative because you get beat down. You go through a few disappointments and it's easy to stay in that negative frame of mind. Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is a whole cliche, but your attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. Joel Osteen
Each day, I come in with a positive attitude, trying to get better. Stefon Diggs
I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do. Heidi Klum
While you're going through this process of trying to find the satisfaction in your work, pretend you feel satisfied. Tell yourself you had a good day. Walk through the corridors with a smile rather than a scowl. Your positive energy will radiate. If you act like you're having fun, you'll find you are having fun. Jean Chatzky
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive. Lee Iacocca
It's amazing. Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it. Lindsey Vonn
We can bring positive energy into our daily lives by smiling more, talking to strangers in line, replacing handshakes with hugs, and calling our friends just to tell them we love them. Brandon Jenner
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination. Ralph Marston
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude. Lou Holtz
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. Elbert Hubbard
The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed. Bennett Cerf
When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it. That's when you can get more creative in solving problems. Stephen Covey
You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about. Sophia Loren
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. William James
To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. Tony Dorsett
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. Joel Osteen
A good laugh is sunshine in the house. William Makepeace Thackeray
We are constituted so that simple acts of kindness, such as giving to charity or expressing gratitude, have a positive effect on our long-term moods. The key to the happy life, it seems, is the good life: a life with sustained relationships, challenging work, and connections to community. Paul Bloom
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power. William James
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome. Zig Ziglar
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do. Kobe Bryant
I believe in karma, and I believe if you put out positive vibes to everybody, that's all you're going to get back. Kesha
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret. Don Miguel Ruiz
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. Colin Powell
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. John Wooden
I am happy to say that everyone that I have met in my life, I have gained something from them; be it negative or positive, it has enforced and reinforced my life in some aspect. Walter Payton
Doing Good is a simple and universal vision. A vision to which each and every one of us can connect and contribute to its realisation. A vision based on the belief that by doing good deeds, positive thinking and affirmative choice of words, feelings and actions, we can enhance goodness in the world. Shari Arison
Whatever you wanna be, just, at the end of the day, if you're being a good person, which is not hard to be, and you're putting positive energy into the world, and you're appreciative and loving to the people around you that care about you and everybody in general, then it'll work out. Gnash
Being positive is like going up a mountain. Being negative is like sliding down a hill. A lot of times, people want to take the easy way out, because it's basically what they've understood throughout their lives. Chuck D
You are the sum total of everything you've ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot - it's all there. Everything influences each of us, and because of that I try to make sure that my experiences are positive. Maya Angelou
The worst times can be the best if you think with positive energy. Domenico Dolce
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. Afrika Bambaataa
I believe to be a leader is to enable others to embrace a vision, initiative or assignment in a way that they feel a sense of purpose, ownership, personal engagement, and common cause. I was very affected as a child by my father's positive example as a civic leader who inspired others to share his commitment to improving our community. Melanne Verveer
Natural ability is important, but you can go far without it if you have the focus, drive, desire and positive attitude. Kirsten Sweetland
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. Walt Disney
Be true to yourself and surround yourself with positive, supportive people. Payal Kadakia
Good things are associated with blue, like clear days, more than singing the blues. Just the word 'blue', in the singular is full of optimism and positive connotation to most people. David Carson
Today or any day that phone may ring and bring good news. Ethel Waters
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits. William Hazlitt
The more you are positive and say, 'i want to have a good life,', the more you build that reality for yourself by creating the life that you want. Chris Pine
Delete the negative; accentuate the positive! Donna Karan
Resilience isn't a single skill. It's a variety of skills and coping mechanisms. To bounce back from bumps in the road as well as failures, you should focus on emphasizing the positive. Jean Chatzky
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective. Harvey Mackay
I have good and bad days like everyone else. I just try to be positive and surround myself with great people. When I think about all the great things and people I have had in my life, that gives me confidence. Jessica White
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success. Bo Bennett
Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen. Deep Roy
Your destiny is to fulfill those things upon which you focus most intently. So choose to keep your focus on that which is truly magnificent, beautiful, uplifting and joyful. Your life is always moving toward something. Ralph Marston
Having the positive belief that it will all be O.K. just means that you hustle and make it work because failure is not even an option in your own mind. Natalie Massenet
But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful. Elizabeth Edwards
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive. Yoko Ono
It's important to think good, speak good, and do good. If we want to see positive change in the world, then we need to connect to goodness. I try in everything I do, both in business and philanthropy, to make a positive change and do that by doing good. Shari Arison
I think anything is possible if you have the mindset and the will and desire to do it and put the time in. Roger Clemens
Positive energy knows no boundaries. If everyone were to spread positive energy on the Internet, the world would be a much better place. Lu Wei
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event. Brian Tracy
Don't focus on negative things; focus on the positive, and you will flourish. Alek Wek
I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other. Harvey Fierstein
Exercise, prayer, and meditation are examples of calming rituals. They have been shown to induce a happier mood and provide a positive pathway through life's daily frustrations. Chuck Norris
Instead of drifting along like a leaf in a river, understand who you are and how you come across to people and what kind of an impact you have on the people around you and the community around you and the world, so that when you go out, you can feel you have made a positive difference. Jane Fonda
The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything. Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it. Joan Lunden
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology. Donald Johanson
Putting forward your positive energy connects you back to basic human values which we all share. Good Deeds Day shows that no matter the size of the gesture, a smile that brightens someone else's day or volunteering in your community, we can all take active part in making a difference. Shari Arison
I don't think of myself as a role model. I do try to live in a compassionate, considerate and positive way. The only advice I can offer is to find what you love to do, find the joy in it, and express yourself through your passion. Barry Williams
The ability to remain calm and focused in stressful situations is central to making positive decisions. Goldie Hawn
If you so choose, even the unexpected setbacks can bring new and positive possibilities. If you so choose, you can find value and fulfillment in every circumstance. Ralph Marston
Talking is always positive. That's why I talk too much. Louis C. K.
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. Robert H. Schuller
Positive thinking is more than just a tagline. It changes the way we behave. And I firmly believe that when I am positive, it not only makes me better, but it also makes those around me better. Harvey Mackay
Positive energy is meant to give people confidence and hope, encourage people to love their country, society and life, as well as to pursue nice things. Everything we do is ultimately for the sake of spreading positive energy. Lu Wei
You need to be able to manage stress because hard times will come, and a positive outlook is what gets you through. Marie Osmond
Our thoughts are mainly controlled by our subconscious, which is largely formed before the age of 6, and you cannot change the subconscious mind by just thinking about it. That's why the power of positive thinking will not work for most people. The subconscious mind is like a tape player. Until you change the tape, it will not change. Bruce Lipton
The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount. B. F. Skinner
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. W. Clement Stone
Dedicating some time to meditation is a meaningful expression of caring for yourself that can help you move through the mire of feeling unworthy of recovery. As your mind grows quieter and more spacious, you can begin to see self-defeating thought patterns for what they are, and open up to other, more positive options. Sharon Salzberg
You can do everything you can to try to stop bad things from happening to you, but eventually things will happen, so the best prevention is a positive attitude. Marie Osmond


// Inspirational Quotes

The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. Joseph Campbell
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. Kevyn Aucoin
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. Maya Angelou
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'i'm possible',! Audrey Hepburn
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. Steve Jobs
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. Maya Angelou
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. Rabindranath Tagore
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. Malala Yousafzai
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. Aesop
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince Lombardi
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. Walt Whitman
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
Believe you can and you're halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. Warren Buffett
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
What we think, we become. Buddha
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. Earl Nightingale
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. Robin Williams
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. Ronald Reagan
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.', Muhammad Ali
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. Gilbert K. Chesterton
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. Carol Burnett
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. Edith Wharton
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. Buddha
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards. Paul Bryant
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. Unknown
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. Tony Robbins
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars. Les Brown
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. Bruce Lee
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. John F. Kennedy
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. William Arthur Ward
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf. Rabindranath Tagore
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow't reality. Malala Yousafzai
You must do the things you think you cannot do. Eleanor Roosevelt
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. Isaac Newton
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. Og Mandino
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. Nathaniel Hawthorne
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. Martin Luther
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. Nido Qubein
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. Joseph Campbell
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. Alexander the Great
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome. Wilma Rudolph
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. Alan Alda
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. Vince Lombardi
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself. Plato
The power of imagination makes us infinite. John Muir
With self-discipline most anything is possible. Theodore Roosevelt
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. Robert Frost
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. Mahatma Gandhi
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way. Skylar Grey
The things that we love tell us what we are. Thomas Aquinas
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. Anne Frank
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. Anais Nin
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Mother Teresa
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone. John Wooden
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. e. e. cummings
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself. Desiderius Erasmus
You change your life by changing your heart. Max Lucado
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't. Jack Dempsey
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve. Mary Kay Ash
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. Thomas A. Edison
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. Lao Tzu
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future. Steve Jobs
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. Marcus Aurelius
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others. Rosa Parks
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment. Arthur Helps
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today! William Allen White
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. F. Scott Fitzgerald
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. Henry David Thoreau
The only journey is the one within. Rainer Maria Rilke
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment. Tony Robbins
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. John Wayne
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. Michael Jordan
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future. Mattie Stepanek
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
Out of difficulties grow miracles. Jean de la Bruyere
Happiness is the natural flower of duty. Phillips Brooks
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul. Thomas Merton
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises. Leo Buscaglia
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. Sharon Begley
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation. Michael Jackson
One today is worth two tomorrows. Benjamin Franklin
I dwell in possibility. Emily Dickinson
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. Tony Robbins
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is! Anne Frank
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams. Hosea Ballou
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. Desmond Tutu
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains! John Muir
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless. James E. Faust
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. Bertrand Russell
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere. Joyce Meyer
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are. Steve Berry
Ideas shape the course of history. John Maynard Keynes
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value. Hermann Hesse
Nothing is worth more than this day. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come. Ellen DeGeneres
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow. Aeschylus
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can. Christa McAuliffe
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars. Edward Young
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy. Lao Tzu
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. Khalil Gibran
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for? Robert Browning
Each day provides its own gifts. Marcus Aurelius
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. Benjamin Disraeli
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell. Bill Copeland
Read more at: https://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/topics/topic_inspirational6.html?vm=l
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself. Wallace Stevens
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance. Morgan Freeman
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. William Blake
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness. Han Suyin
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions. Nikolai Gogol
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. Andre Gide
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. Thomas Paine
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong. Ella Fitzgerald
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. Georgia O'Keeffe
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings. Gustave Flaubert
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see. C. S. Lewis
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. Marcus Aurelius
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty. Pablo Neruda
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value. Desmond Tutu
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone. Henry Rollins
Great hopes make great men. Thomas Fuller


// Life Quotes

Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. George Sand
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. Hubert H. Humphrey
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. Joseph Campbell
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. Yoko Ono
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. Edmund Burke
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. Earl Nightingale
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. Omar Khayyam
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. Bradley Whitford
There are two great days in a person't life - the day we are born and the day we discover why. William Barclay
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. Kevyn Aucoin
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. Thich Nhat Hanh
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. Menachem Begin
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. Norman Cousins
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. Matt Cameron
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. Steve Jobs
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family. Philip Green
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. Maya Angelou
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire
Life is full of happiness and tears; be strong and have faith. Kareena Kapoor Khan
We do not remember days, we remember moments. Cesare Pavese
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee

Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. Rabindranath Tagore

My life motto is 'do my best, so that I can't blame myself for anything.', Magdalena Neuner

Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. Mark Twain



// Success Quotes

Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. Pele
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. Colin Powell
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. Shiv Khera
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. Henry Ford
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen. Wayne Huizenga
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. J. Paul Getty
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. Colin Powell
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others', success, and then standing back and letting them shine. Chris Hadfield
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. Bruce Lee
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. Vince Lombardi
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come. Dwayne Johnson
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. Albert Schweitzer
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. Helen Keller
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! Doug Larson
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. Bobby Unser
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students. Solomon Ortiz
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head. A. R. Rahman
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future. Dale Turner
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. Bill Gates
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. Dwight D. Eisenhower
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. Walter Scott


// Best Quotes

The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'til your good is better and your better is best. St. Jerome
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. Benjamin Franklin
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. Henry Ford
My life motto is 'do my best, so that I can't blame myself for anything.', Magdalena Neuner
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. Nick Cannon
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others', success, and then standing back and letting them shine. Chris Hadfield
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. Vince Lombardi
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. Richard Bach
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through. Kim Kardashian
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. Bill Watterson
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Mahatma Gandhi
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. George Allen, Sr.
It's not that diamonds are a girl't best friend, but it's your best friends who are your diamonds. It's your best friends who are supremely resilient, made under pressure and of astonishing value. They're everlasting; they can cut glass if they need to. Gina Barreca
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future. Dale Turner
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. Ernest Hemingway
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water. Christopher Morley
One of the best ways to make yourself happy in the present is to recall happy times from the past. Photos are a great memory-prompt, and because we tend to take photos of happy occasions, they weight our memories to the good. Gretchen Rubin
Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students. Charles Kuralt

